Fix typo (#1107)
solidjs/solid-docs: src/routes/solid-start/building-your-application/routing.mdx

This includes your pages and API routes.

SolidStart traverses your `routes` directory, collects all of the routes, and then makes them accessible using the [`<FileRoutes />`](/solid-start/reference/routing/file-routes).

> This component will only include your UI routes and not your API routes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This component will only include your UI routes, not your API routes.
```

I much prefer this sentence without the "and"

```

The `<Router />` component expects a `root` prop which functions as the root layout of your entire app.

> You will want to make sure `props.children` is wrapped in `<Suspense />` because each component will be lazy-loaded automatically for you. Without this you may see some unexpected hydration errors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will want to make sure `props.children` is wrapped in `<Suspense />` since each component will be lazy-loaded automatically. 
Without this, you could see some unexpected hydration errors.
```

        |-- article-2.tsx        // example.com/blog/article-2
```

> In this case, the `blog.tsx` file will act as a layout for the articles in the `blog` folder. You can reference the child's content

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this case, the `blog.tsx` file will act as a layout for the articles in the `blog` folder. 
You can reference the child's content
```
